Ex: Lock down the root user 
	1. If necessary, create a regular user and then assign it the AdministratorAccess policy. 
	2. Make sure there are no active access keys associated with your root account. 
	3. Enable MFA for the root account, where short-lived authentication codes are sent to software applications on preset mobile devices (including smartphones) to confirm a user’s identity. 
	4. Update your root login to a password that’s long, complex, and includes nonalphanu- meric characters. 
	5. Confirm that you can still log in as root and then store the password safely.

Ex: Assign and Implement an IAM policy 
	1. Create a new user in the IAM Dashboard. 
	2. Attach the AmazonS3FullAccess policy that will permit your user to create, edit, and delete S3 buckets. (Hint: you can search IAM policies using s3 to display a much shorter list.) 
	3. Note the user login instructions that will be displayed. 
	4. Log in as your new user and try creating a new S3 bucket. 
	5. Just to prove everything is working, try launching an EC2 instance. Your request should be denied. 

Ex: Create, use, and delete an AWS Access Key 
	1. Create a new AWS access key, and save both the access key ID and secret access key somewhere secure. 
	2. Use aws configure from your local command line to add the key to your AWS CLI configuration. 
	If you already have a different access key configured on your system, you can create and use multiple keys in parallel. By adding the --profile argument to the aws configure command, you can create separate profiles. You’ll be prompted to enter configuration details for each new profile. Here’s an example: 
	$ aws configure --profile account2 
	You can then invoke a profile by adding the argument to a regular command. 
	$ aws s3 ls ––profile account2 
	
	3. Try performing some operation—such as listing your S3 buckets—and then uploading a local file using the AWS CLI and your new key. 
	4. Disable (select Make Inactive) or delete the key you just created from the IAM Dashboard. 
	5. Confirm that you are now unable to administer your S3 buckets using the key.

